You do you. - Mr. Gent
You own the future. - Mr. Gent
Fortune favors the bold. - Mr. Gent
Even a fish could stay out of trouble if it just learned to keep its mouth shut. - Mr. Gent
In a country without dogs, cats bark. - Toma Bekauri
Work smarter not harder. - Mr. Gent
If You're Going Through Hell, Keep Going - Winston Churchill
Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country. - John F. Kennedy
He who is only an athlete is too crude, too vulgar, too much a savage. He who is a scholar only is too soft, too effeminate. The ideal citizen is the scholar-athlete, the man of thought and the man of action. - Plato
All good has bad, and all bad has good. - Mr. Gent
A clever person solves a problem. A genius person avoids it. - Mr. Gent
Fortifications, artillery, foreign aid - will be of no value, unless the ordinary soldier knows that it is HE guarding his country. - Mannerheim
A clever person learns from their mistakes, a genius learns from other people's mistakes. - Mr. Gent
If your desires are not great, a little will seem much to you; for small appetite makes poverty equivalent to wealth. - Toma Bekauri
You reap what you sow. - Mr. Gent
It's OK to lose people, but never lose yourself - Mr. Gent
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for. - Bob Marley
With every difficulty, there is relief. - Anonymous
Kindness is a mark of faith, and whoever is not kind, has no faith. - Anonymous
The good thing about music is that when it hits you, you feel no pain. - Bob Marley
No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have. - Bassey
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Disney
It's not what you know, it's who you know. - Ms. Gentu
When I don't get enough sleep, I get irritable, and you don't want to make me. - Killer Bean
The industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. - Ted
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Einstein
One has to remember that every failure can be a stepping stone to something better. - Colonel Sanders
Create a problem, sell a solution. - Senior Gent
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. - Oppenheimer
It's not about the size of the boat, it's about the motion of the ocean. - Ken Jeong
Through fire and flame. - Mr. Boombastic
Beware of the man who has nothing to lose, for he has only to give. - Khabib
What happens in the dark, always comes to light. - God
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. - Oprah Winfrey
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Kobe
Life without liberty, is a life not lived, and life without truth, is a life not understood. - Abhijit Naskar
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough. - Suleiman
Even a broken clock is right twice a day. - Abel
Spare the toilet, spoil the floor. - Kool Aid
He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight. - Sun Tzu
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Gandhi
Don't count the days, make the days count. - Muhammad Ali
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending. - C.S. Lewis
Elevate yourself through the power of your mind, and not degrade yourself, for the mind can be the friend and also the enemy of the self. - Bhagavad Gita 6:5
Real freedom is having nothing. I was more free when I didn't have a dime. - Mike Tyson
War is not the answer, because only love can conquer hate. - Mother Theresa
If we really want to wake up, we need to follow our fear into and through the darkest aspects of our being. - Toma Bekauri
There's a big difference between a millionare and a billionaire, but both are still rich. - Mr. Gent
The word impossible is not in my dictionary. - Napoleon
There's a first time for everything. - Mr. GentIt's time for us to turn to each other, not on each other. - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
War is where the young and stupid are tricked by the old and bitter into killing eachother. - Niko Belic
If you don't understand the motivation of the bad guys you won't understand how to stop them. - SiR
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our mind. - Bob Marley
The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. - Nelson Mandela
It's okay to struggle, it's not okay to give up. - Mugabe
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. - Tony Stark
Do, or do not. There is no try. - Yoda
Work so hard you won't have to introduce yourself when you walk into a room. - Sreekar
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him. - Chesterton
If not now, when? - Himanish Verma
It is better to die for an idea that will live, than to live for an idea that will die. - Steve Biko
Work on yourself and you will see women chase you. - Mr. Gent
Live life the way you want to live it. - Gent Beqiri
Money without free time is worthless, free time without money is pointless. - Yasin
Making mistakes is better than faking perfection. - Mr. Gent
To fail is to be human. - Mr. Gent
It is us today, it will be you tomorrow. - Haile Selassie
Every soul will taste death. - Allah
If live gives you lemons, make lemonade. - Mr. Gent
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. - Nelson Mandela
Don't judge me by my past, i don't live there anymore. - Joker
People cry not because they're weak, but because they've been strong for too long. - Johnny Depp
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
The human brain is so complex it can't even comprehend itself. - Toma Bekauri
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of a readiness to die. - G.K. Chesterton
Confidence will set you apart from competition. - Boss Yeo
Thought without action is a car without wheels. - Abhijit Naskar
Time keeps ticking regardless of how we live our lives. - Dana White
Lions do not concern themselves with the opinions of sheep. - Paddy Pimblett
Nothing comes easy. Success doesn't just drop on your lap. You have to go out and fight for it every day. - Dana White
No matter how fierce the storm, freedom will still bloom. - Mr. Gent
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - Pythagoras
Don't watch the sun rise. Let the sun watch you rise. - Caesar
Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they please. - Pythagoras
Destruction is the only path to creation. - Euclid
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it. - Toma Bekauri
No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it. - Terry Pratchett
We judge others by their actions and ourselves by our intentions. - Mr. Gent
Sometimes you don't realize how special something is until you lose it. - Suleiman
Money is numbers and numbers never end. If it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end. - Bob Marley
We are many, but we are one. - Mr. Gent
Give me 6 hours to chop a tree, I will spend the first 4 sharpening my axe. - Abraham Lincoln
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play. - Immanuel Kant
Die with memories, not dreams. - Mr. Gent
There's always a drop of truth in lies. - Toma Bekauri
Your name is unknown. Your deed is immortal. - Tomb of the Unknown Soldier
Don't compare yourself with other people; compare yourself with who you were yesterday. - Jordan Peterson
If we were meant to stay in one place, we'd have roots instead of feet. - Rachel Wolchin
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war. - Napoleon BonaparteIf everyone is thinking alike, someone isn't thinking. - General George Patton
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Life is like riding a bicycle, to keep the balance you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
Same things make us laugh, make us cry. - Big Smoke
With every little action, there's a reaction. - Bob Marley
When you're about to quit, remember why you started. - Conor McGregor
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. - Michelangelo
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
He alone, who owns the youth, gains the future. - Adolf Hitler
The die is cast. - Julius Gaius Caesar
Don't listen to what the Communists say, but look at what they do. - Nguyen Van Thieu
The sacrifice of life is an enourmous sacrifice. There is only one more terrible…the sacrifice of honor. - French proverb
You are not obligated to associate with people who are making your life worse. - Jordan Peterson
If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter. - Mark Twain
I don't need friends, they disappoint me. - Carla Shaw
If you want to destroy any nation without war, make adultery or nudity common in the young generation. - Saladin
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons. - Herodotus
Watch who you give your trust to, a smile doesn't mean a friend. - NBA Youngboy
Being told the brutal truth is better than a sugarcoated compliment. - Kazi Sahil
It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything. - Tyler Durden
Only when a mosquito lands on your testicles, you will truly learn that there is always a way to solve problems without using anger and violence - Confucius
I always wonder why birds choose to stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on the earth, then I ask myself the same question. - Harun Yahya
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle
The Devil doesn't come to you with horns and a red tail. He comes to you in the form of everything you've ever wanted. - XXXTENTACION
You say you love rain, but you use an umbrella to walk under it. - Bob Marley
Forgiving is easy. Trusting again, not so much. - Kendrick Lamar
The Earth is the cradle of humanity, but mankind cannot stay in the cradle forever. - Konstantin Tsiolkovsky
I can make something for a long time and just not come up with an ending. It's finishing things that I don't enjoy. - Mr. Gent
Sound dialogue is not possible with a man bereft of reason. - Kim Jong Un
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. - Andrew Tate
A ghost cannot haunt you if you don't believe in ghosts. - Andrew Tate
It is better to improve than to repair - Nelson Mandela
Every man I meet is my superior in some way, In that, I learn of him. - Mr. Gent
When you become smart enough you can guess and no one will question you. - Genty G
You don't know who is important to you until you actually lose them. - Mahatma Gandhi
You cannot lead me up the mountain, show me that it is a cliff, then throw me off. I will not take your hand when searching for safety, I must climb away. - Noha Levisu
Work for a cause, not for applause. - Sir Gent
We didn't know we were making memories, we just knew we were having fun. - Winnie The Pooh
Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town. - Mustafa The Monkey
You see. Life is about being better than others. Without competition, advance is unlikely. - Genty G
The saddest moment is when the person who gave you the best memories, becomes a memory. - Herodotus
You don't owe anyone anything, nor do they owe you anything. That's the beauty in giving. - Kazi Sahil
Don't ever let your girl talk to another guy about her problems; a shoulder to cry on, becomes a dick to ride on. - Johnny Sins
The more you know, the sadder you get. - Stephen Colbert
Set thy heart upon thy work, but never on its reward. - Sacred Gita
Be so good they can't ignore you. - Steve Martin
If you want the rainbow, you have to deal with the rain. - Augustus
Actions speak louder than words and words speak louder than actions; If you truly have good in your heart, your action in intention, is implicitly good. - Noha Levisu
As human beings, we suffer from an innate tendency to jump to conclusions, to judge people too quickly, and to pronounce them failures or heroes without due consideration. - Prince CharlesIt is not right to neglect anyone, a pen of 50 cent is useful for writing a check of million dollars. - Aktar Khan
Liars make good leaders. - Mr. Gent
You win some, you lose some. - Ice Cube
The brightest stars are the first to go out. - Kazi Sahil
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. - Tom Clancy
You can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs. - Peppa Pig
4 feet are better than 2 when there is long to go. - Wafande
Sometimes it takes a thousand tries to win. - Rihannah
You have to fight to achieve your dreams. You have to sacrifice and work hard for it. - Lionel Messi
Y'all too worried 'bout the bitches, y'all priorities off. - Mike Dimes
When you have something to say silence is a lie. - Gwen Stefani
So you walk eternally through the shadow realms, standing against evil where all others falter. May your thirst for retribution never quench, may the blood on your sword never dry, and may we never need you again. - Corrax
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't. - Mark Twain
Constant expression of dissatisfaction attracts more dissatisfaction in your life. - Toma Bekauri
He is a weak ruler who needs religion to uphold his government. - Atatürk
The first million is the hardest to make, so start with the second million. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Where there is will, there is way. - Genty G
Believe you can and you're already halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Many of them are so inert, so hopelessly dependent on the system that they will fight to protect it. - Morpheus
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
I was born at a very young age. - Genty G
I am a cage, in search of a bird. - Franz Kafka
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds that you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep - Carl Sandburg
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. - Albert Einstein
Sometimes you never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory. - Dr. Seuss
Manliness lies in controlling your mind, lust, and hormones. Rather than suggesting someone not to wear certain types of clothes - Genty G
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. - Albert Einstein
Those who can, do; those who can't, teach. - Shaw
A jack of all trades is a master of none, but often times better than a master of one. - William Shakespeare
The future is uncertain but the end is always near. - Jim Morrison
There is always a reason for action - Daniele Andrushchak
I have a dream … one day you will not be judged by the color of your skin, but by the content of your heart - MLK
Keep men, lose land; land can be taken again. Keep land, lose men; land and men are both lost - Mao Zedong
Having a mind that is open to everything and attached to nothing seems to me to be one of the most basic principles that you can adopt to contribute to individual and world peace. - Wayne Dyer
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is the lord of all the animals. - George Orwell
Do not by any means destroy yourself, for if you live you may yet have good fortune. But, all the dead are dead alike. - CS Lewis
We forge the chains we wear in life. - Charles Dickens
Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways. - Sigmund Freud
The real problem of humanity is the following: We have stone age emotions, medieval institutions and godlike technology. - Edward O. Wilson
Since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved, - Machiavelli
Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot. - Machiavelli
Don't save the good wine for a good day. Good wine is wasted on a good day. On a good day, all wine is good wine. Bad wine is good wine. Drink the good wine on a bad day. That's what it's for. - Mr. Gent
I could have exterminated all the Jews of the world, but I left some of them so that you might know why I was exterminating them. - Adolf Hitler
How can you have a war on terrorism when war itself is terrorism? - Howard Zinn
If you're a lover, you have to be a fighter. Because if you don't fight for your love, what kind of love do you have? - Keanu Reeves
Shut up - Genty G
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. - Steve Jobs
I'm starting to want more, but what more is there to gain when it's never enough - Luca MaximWriting quotes allows us to distill the essence of our experiences and share them with the world. It is a powerful tool for inspiring others, sparking creativity, and capturing the beauty and complexity of life in just a few well-chosen words. - Gent Beqiri
Your roots are the foundation of who you are. Remembering them keeps you grounded, gives you a sense of belonging, and provides a roadmap for where you've been and where you're going. - Genty
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela
A lie deludes others, but it also deludes yourself. - EL3CTEO
War is politics with bloodshed, whereas politics is war without bloodshed - Mao Zedong
History shows that there are no invincible armies and that there never have been. - Joseph Stalin
If I survive, I hope you do the same. And if you don't, I hope I'm not to blame - Luca Maxim
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
I fought for CP, what did you fight for? - Yurian
We fight to see another day, for in our resilience lies the seed of hope that blossoms into a future worth fighting for. - Motto of Watermelon Republic
If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed. - Adolf Hitler
Why should I fear death? If I am, then death is not. If Death is, then I am not. Why should I fear that which can only exist when I do not? - Epircurus
When gambling you can win 2000% of your money, but can only lose 100%. Do the math. - Stable Ronaldo
A single death is a tragedy, a millions deaths is a statistic. - Joseph Stalin
What is real will prosper - XXX
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real. - Tupac
The saddest thing about betrayal is that it never comes from enemies, it comes from those you trust the most. - XXXTENTACION
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. - Dr. Seuss
You're not everything you could be, and you know it. - Jordan Peterson
Stand in the ashes of a trillion dead and ask the ghosts if honor matters. The silence is your answer - Javik
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzsche
It is the duty of a good shepherd to shear his sheep, not to skin them. - Tiberius
Let's build bridges, not walls. - Martin Luther King Jr.
When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice, but to become an outlaw - Nelson Mandela
So many books, so little time. - Frank Zappa
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it? - Kanye West
Celebrate endings—for they precede new beginnings. - Jonathan Lockwood Huie
The most logical action is not always the best one, sometimes we must think with our heart. - Joe Biden
Human kind is made up of two sexes, women and men. Is it possible that a mass is improved by the improvement of only one part and the other part is ignored? Is it possible that if half of a mass is tied to earth with chains and the other half can soar into skies? - Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth - African proverb
Always recognize that human individuals are ends, and do not use them as means to your end. - Immanuel Kant
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. - Voltaire
Skills are meant for the experienced and adept; luck is reserved for beginners and novices alone. - EL4CTEO
You can be around a million people, and still feel alone. I know what that feels like. - XXXTENTACION
The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help. - Ronald Reagan
When you tear out a man's tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you're only telling the world that you fear what he might say. - Tyrion Lannister
The most fucked up joke life can play on you is letting you meet the right person at the wrong time - Unknown
You are a beacon of energy, give your energy to others willingly, not to be consumed, but to be cherished. - Rooi and Genty
If you raise your children, you can spoil your grandchildren. But if you spoil your children, you'll have to raise your grandchildren. - Grandmother
When I was younger I couldn't wait to get older. Now I want to go back. - Mr. Gent
It's better to burn out, than to fade away - Neil Young
I'd rather be happy being myself than sad trying to please everyone else. - J. Cole
If I had a nickel for every woman who finds me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive. - Genty
If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started, I was desperately wishing to be where I am now. - Anonymous
The world will ask who you are, and if you do not know, the world will tell you. - Carl Jung
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth. - Oscar Wilde
Self-improvement is masturbation, now self-destruction. - Tyler Durden
The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race….It would take off on its own, and re-design itself at an ever increasing rate. Humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution, couldn't compete, and would be superseded. - Stephen Hawking
He who travels fastest travels alone. He who travels furthest travels with others. - VsauceBe smart enough to know how dumb you are. - Gentorius
A ship is always safe at the shore, but that is not what it's built for. - Albert Einstein
The best way to get rid of something is to starve it. If you hold on to a hunger long enough, you will lose that hunger. - Mr. Gent
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. - Joshua J. Marine
Life is just ever-changing variables. - Mr. Gent
If you think the price of winning is too high, wait until you get the bill from regret. - Tim Grover
They say time is money but really, it’s not. If we ever go broke, time is all we got. - J. Cole
First I shake the whole apple tree, so that the ripest might fall. Then I climb the tree and shake each limb, and then each branch and then each twig, and then I look under each leaf. - Martin Luther
Having money's not everything, not having it is - Kanye West
There can be neither today without yesterday nor tomorrow without today. - Kim Jong-un
Can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it. - J. Cole
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women. - Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you. - Lyndon B. Johnson
"Pacifism is a privilege" - Gent
“Jews are running society, women need to shut the fuck up, blacks need to be imprisoned, and we would live in paradise” - Nick Fuentes
“Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them.” - Aristotle
“You don’t have to feel well in order to take action, you have to take action in order to feel well.” - Gent
"Social media is free because you pay with your time." - Gent
"America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves" - Abraham Lincoln
“The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.” - Terry Pratchett
"The happiest of lives is a busy solitude." - Voltaire
“Masculine republics give way to feminine democracies, and feminine democracies give way to tyranny.” - Aristotle
"Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't." - Margaret Thatcher
“If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.” - J.K. Rowling
"We suffer more in imagination than in reality." - Seneca
"Art that challenges our boundaries not only provokes us, but also makes us aware. In doing so, it forces us to think freely and engage in discussion. Without freedom, art becomes harmless, merely decoration on a wall without greater meaning. As Tøjner writes in the title, “Freedom is the best gold.” But gold is also fragile, and you risk losing some of it by trying to protect yourself from what feels uncomfortable. That is why people like Balthus and Tøjner are important, not because we must accept everything thrown in our faces, but because we must dare to stand in a room where something feels wrong, and ask ourselves why." - Gent Beqiri 
“In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.” - Albert Einstein
“He who fights, can lose. He who doesn't fight, has already lost.” - Bertolt Brecht
“Im selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.” - Marilyn Monroe
"An evil man will burn his own nation to the ground to rule over the ashes."  - Sun Tzu
“The universe is under no obligation to make sense to you.” - Neil deGrasse Tyson
“The forest was shrinking, but the trees kept voting for the axe. For the axe was clever, and convinced the trees that because his handle was made of wood, he was one of them.” - Turkish proverb
“We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.” - R. Buckminster Fuller
